# [v4.1] - 2021-11-02

## General

- Added ship choice limitations for new players. To unlock all ships in a ranked game a player must have at least 20 games completed. First game, the ship will always be already upgraded BC.
- Added an option to lock and follow camera on the ship (`Space`).
- Added shared income mode (only available in the `Premade / IH` game variant) as a lobby option available to the host.
- Raven: renamed new ability "Analyze Weakness" to "Lock On" & clarified description.
- Detection range of Spotter and Observer (if activated) will be visible to the team regardless if the unit is selected or not.
- Restored kill counter on the unit panel.

### Arbiter

- Feedback:
  - Increased amount of energy drained from 250 to 300.
  - Removed 50% chance of draining additional 100 energy.
  - Reworked ability so that effect is delayed - as it is with missilies. Meaning that if both Arbiters decide to feedback each other, then both will pay the cost of ability, and the effect will trigger on both of them, draining the remaining amount of energy and transfering it into a damage.

### VoidRay

- Replaced Temporal Reactor with Energy Reactor, upgrading Purify with following:
  - Single charge purify disables cast/channelled abilities of the target.
  - Double charge purify disables all abilities of the target.
- Purify no longer:
  - Negates the armor
  - Prevents the use of Defensive Matrix **on its target**. (However double charged prevents use of Protective Field **by its target**).
  - Provides an ability to dodge damage inflicted by abilities.
